feat (Nerdgraph): Created tutorial for Secrets Management Service (#19020)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apis/nerdgraph/examples/nerdgraph-api-secret-management-service.mdx

* Secrets stored within this service are for New Relic applications only. Don't use secrets for external applications or products.

* For EU customers, New Relic stores secrets in a US-based global database, which isn't GDPR compliant. You need to provide your consent before using the service.
</Callout>

{/* ## Key features

* **Centralized Repository**: Store all your confidential keys and credentials in one secure location.
* **Secure Management**: Enhanced security features to protect your secrets.
* **Scalability**: Designed to handle the growing needs of enterprises. */}

## Requirements[#review-requirements]
 
* You need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup), and with that account, you can access your API user key that you need to include with [queries and mutations]((https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/#terminology)).

* User type and assigned roles can affect your NerdGraph permissions. For more details, see [Factors affecting access](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/factors-affecting-access-features-data/#user-permissions).

## Mutations [#nerdgraph-mutations]

> The Secrets management service is a service to perform CRUD operations, and it doesn't generate secrets. Manage your secrets with the following [NerdGraph mutations](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/#terminology):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets management service is a service to perform CRUD operations, and it doesn't generate secrets. Manage your secrets with the following [NerdGraph mutations](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/#terminology):
```

Reviewer: Our default is to use sentence case and to lower case any service, product, or feature unless there's a specific, separate entry about it from UX/content design. Stakeholders tend to be inconsistent about it, but in the docs site we keep to this rule unless otherwise stated.

Reviewer: I would move this section to the introduction as a goal statement for the doc. Your intro describes that the service can retrieve statement and so on, but it might be helpful to describe the purpose of the doc at the top as well.

            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `createdAt`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The time when you created the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `key`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The key of the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `latestVersion`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The version of the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `tags`
            </td>
            <td>
            Array
            </td>
            <td>
            Metadata associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `updatedAt`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The time the secret was last updated.
            </td>
        </tr>

    </tbody>
</table>

> #### Smaple response:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Sample response:
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Attribute name**
            </th>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Data type**
            </th>
            <th>
            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `accountId`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) The account ID associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `deleteAll`
            </td>
            <td>
            Boolean
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) If true, it deletes all versions of the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `key`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) The key for the secret that you want to delete.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `namespace`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>

>             (Optional) If provided, deletes the secret associated with the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            (Optional) If provided, it deletes the secret associated with the namespace.
```

    deleteAll: true
  ) {
    key
    latestVersion
    tags
  }
}

```

#### Response

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Attribute name**
            </th>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Data type**
            </th>
            <th>
            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `key`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The key of the created secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `latestVersion`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            The latest version available corresponding to the key. If `deleteAll` is true or no version is available after delete, `latestVersion` will be null.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### Sample response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementDeleteSecret": {
      "latestVersion": null
    }
  },
}
```
  </Collapser>

<Collapser 
  id="purge-secrets"
  title="Purge a secret"
>  

> Use the `secretsManagementPurgeSecret` mutation to perform a hard delete. It deletes the secret key permanently from the secrets store and you can't recover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `secretsManagementPurgeSecret` mutation to perform a hard delete. It deletes the secret key permanently from the secrets store. It cannot be retrived.
```

#### Input attributes

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Attribute name**
            </th>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Data type**
            </th>
            <th>
            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `accountId`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) The account ID associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `key`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) The secret key that you permanently want to delete.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `namespace`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>

>             (Optional) If provided, deletes the secret associated with the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            (Optional) If provided, it deletes the secret associated with the namespace.
```

            </td>
            <td>
            The latest version of the recovered secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### Sample response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementRecoverSecret": {
      "key": "test_user_key",
      "latestVersion": "1"
    }
  },
}
```

</Collapser>

<Collapser
  id="retrive-secret"
  title="Retrieve a secret"
  >

Retrieve the value of a secret using the `secretsManagementRetrieveSecret` mutation.

### Input attributes

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Attribute name**
            </th>
            <th style={{ width: "200px" }}>
            **Data type**
            </th>
            <th>
            **Description**
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `accountId`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>
            (Required) The account ID associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `key`
            </td>
            <td>
            String
            </td>
            <td>

>             (Required) The key of the secret for which you want to retrive the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            (Required) The key of the secret for which you want to retrieve the value.
```

---
title: "NerdGraph tutorial: secrets management service"
metaDescription: "Learn how to use the Secret Management Service to securely store and manage your secrets."
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

> When you're working with New Relic, you might need to store sensitive information like API keys and application credentials. In New Relic, these are called secrets. The <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service provides a secure way to store and retrieve these secrets in a centralized location through our [NerdGraph API](/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/). You can store secrets only in string format.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence should be a Tip/Warning

> The key features of the <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The key features of the <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service are:
```

> * **Unique keys for secrets**: You need to assign a unique key to each secret you store. This key is used to identify the secret when you want to retrieve or manage it.

Reviewer 3: The user creates the unique key for secrets while storing. This service facilitates it.

> * **Secrets at [account or organization level](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure/)**: If a secret must be accessed and used across multiple accounts, you can store it at the organization level. Conversely, if the secret is specific to an account and does not need cross-account access, you can store it at the account level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Secrets stored at [account or organization level](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/new-relic-account-structure/)**: To access a secret and to use across multiple accounts, store it at the organization level. However, if the secret is specific to an account and does not need cross-account access, store it at the account level.
```

* **Versions of secrets**: You can update a secret without losing the previous version. The <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service tracks all versions of a secret, allowing you to retrieve up to 10 previous versions.

* **Soft delete and secrets recovery**: You can temporarily delete a secret and recover it later. This is useful if you accidentally delete a secret or need to restore a previous version. You can also purge a secret, which permanently removes it from the system.

* **Access control**: As an admin, you can define who can access the secret by setting custom roles and permissions, and specifying the scope of access. The scope can range from basic read-only access to purge access.

<Callout variant="important">

> Customer-specific secrets that are unrelated to New Relic approved functionality and integrations, such as third party or personal passwords, must never be stored in the secrets management service.

Reviewer 2: When we say "never", there should be a reason for it.

Reviewer 2: This is not yet addressed

Reviewer 3: The reasons for not storing non-New Relic data in the Secrets management service are:

- Under the current RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) mechanism, users with similar access might inadvertently retrieve another user's personal information if it is stored.

- Additionally, there is a cost implication, as storing and maintaining personal data with New Relic would incur additional expenses for the organization.

The PM prefers not to emphasize these aspects since the service is intended for purposes other than storing personal data. Therefore, I have reframed it as follows:

'Customer-specific secrets unrelated to New Relic-approved functionality and integrations, such as third-party or personal passwords, should not be stored in the Secrets management service.'

            </td>
            <td>
            Associate metadata with the secret, if any.
            </td>
        </tr>        
        <tr>
            <td>
            `namespace`
            </td>
            <td>
            The namespace of the secret, if provided.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `scope`
            </td>
            <td>
            The account or organization ID associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>     
        <tr>
            <td>
            `tags`
            </td>
            <td>
            The key and value pair associated with the secret, if any.
            </td>
        </tr>               
        

    </tbody>
</table>

#### Sample response:
    
    ```json
 {
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementCreateSecret": {
      "description": "ZXY",
      "key": "Test2",
      "latestVersion": 0,
      "scope": {
        "id": "1",
        "type": "ACCOUNT"
      }
    }
  }
    ```

      </Collapser>

  <Collapser 
  id="update-secret" 
  title="Update a secret">

Use the `secretsManagementUpdateSecret` mutation to update the value of existing secrets.

<Callout variant="tip">

> Each update operation creates a new version of the secret. The highest version is always the latest version of the secret.

Reviewer 3: Done

            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `metadata`
            </td>
            <td>
            Associate metadata with the secret, if any.
            </td>
        </tr>        
        <tr>
            <td>
            `namespace`
            </td>
            <td>
            The namespace of the secret, if provided.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
            `scope`
            </td>
            <td>
            The account or organization ID associated with the secret.
            </td>
        </tr>     
        <tr>
            <td>
            `tags`
            </td>
            <td>
            The key and value pair associated with the secret, if any.
            </td>
        </tr>               
        

    </tbody>
</table>

#### Sample response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementUpdateSecret": {
      "description": "ZXY",
      "key": "Test2",
      "latestVersion": 1,
      "scope": {
        "id": "1",
        "type": "ACCOUNT"
      }
    }
  }
```

      </Collapser>

  <Collapser 
    id="delete-secrets" 
    title="Delete a secret">

> Use the `secretsManagementDeleteSecret` mutation to delete all versions of a secret permanently or temporarily. Your assigned permissions determine the availability of these options. For more details, refer to the [Access control](#security-and-access-control) section. If you delete a secret temporarily, you can recover it using the `secretsManagementRecoverSecret` mutation.

Reviewer 2: Link to recover secrets?

<Callout variant="important">

Customer-specific secrets that are unrelated to New Relic approved functionality and integrations, such as third party or personal passwords, must never be stored in the secrets management service.

</Callout>

The <dnt>Secrets management</dnt> service is an Advanced Compute Product feature offered as an [add-on](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/add-on-billing) or as a part of the Compute pricing model. Advanced [CCUs](/docs/licenses/license-information/product-definitions/new-relic-one-pricing-definitions/#compute-capacity-unit) are consumed when NerdGraph queries are executed to store, retrieve, or manage secrets.

## Access control[#security-and-access-control]
Users with [standard roles](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts/#standard-roles) can access the <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service specifc to the accounts they have access to, with the following permissions.

* **Read Only**: Users can only retrieve secrets. They can not create, update, or delete secrets.

* **Standard User**: Users can create, update, retrieve, and temporarily delete secrets.

> * **All Product Admin**: Users have full access to the <dnt>secrets management</dnt> service. They can create, update, retrieve, temporarily or permanently delete, and fetch list of secrets.

Reviewer 3: Fixed

---

> title: "NerdGraph tutorial: Secret Management Service"

Reviewer 4: Global comment: Check out capitalization standard for Secret Management Service. I vaguely remember we use sentence case for feature names too. So, only Secret should be initial caps. Please double-check.

Reviewer 4: - Pridhvi had spoken about a fifth mutation that we could use to restore the specific version of a deleted/purged secret. Is that out of scope now?
- Pridhbi had mentioned three NR solutions/capabilities for which this preview is supported: Incident management, Workflows, and I-Can't-Remember-Anymore. We need to have a small section/callout in each of those docs mentioning the secret mgmt srvc and link to this GraphQL API doc from there and also cross-link to each of those solution docs from this new topic.

Author: As discussed with Pridhvi, we don't limit our support for the mentioned capabilities so there is no need for a callout.

Author: > Global comment: Check out capitalization standard for Secret Management Service. I vaguely remember we use sentence case for feature names too. So, only Secret should be initial caps. Please double-check.

Thanks for pointing this out.

metaDescription: "Learn how to use the Secret Management Service to securely store and manage your secrets."
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

<Callout title="preview">
  We're still working on this feature, but we'd love for you to try it out!

  This feature is currently provided as part of a preview program pursuant to our [pre-release policies](/docs/licenses/license-information/referenced-policies/new-relic-pre-release-policy).
</Callout>

The Secret Management Service is a secure and scalable way to store and manage your secrets. It provides a centralized location for storing and managing secrets, such as API keys to reduce fragmentation and complexity across different services in New Relic. 
You can store any string value as a secret, and call them programatically during runtime.

> Note that there's no data boundary for storing secrets; all secrets reside in US in a global DB enclave.

Reviewer 4: I think it should be in the US. 

Double-check.

Semicolons make sentences unnecessarily complex. Let's split the note into two sentences.

And should we use the callout component instead? This seems like an important note.

Use the [NerdGraph API](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/nerdgraph/get-started/introduction-new-relic-nerdgraph/) to interact with the Secret Management Service. This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating, updating, and deleting secrets using the Secret Management Service.

## Key features

* **Centralized Repository**: Store all your confidential keys and credentials in one secure location.
* **Secure Management**: Enhanced security features to protect your secrets.
* **Scalability**: Designed to handle the growing needs of enterprises.

> ## Requirements[#review-requirements]

Reviewer 4: Plz check if we name this Prerequisites instead.

Author: Since all Nerdgraph tutorials have "requirements" sections, just to maintain consistency, I am not making any change to it.

> * You need a [New Relic account](https://newrelic.com/signup), and with that account, you can access your API user key that you need to include with queries and mutations.

Reviewer 4: Is mutation a widely used term in technology? Is this commonly understood? Do we have anything in our standards related to its usage? Have we used this in our NerdGraph docs before?

If not, let's use a more user-friendly term such as data manipulation or CRUD operations, for example.

Author: graphQl mutations are industry standard and we have explained it this in our documentation and used it.

* User type and assigned roles can affect your NerdGraph permissions. For more details, see [Factors affecting access](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-structure/factors-affecting-access-features-data/#user-permissions).

## Mutation operations

> To enable users to interact with the Secrets Management Service, following are the exposed four NerdGraph mutations:

Reviewer 4: In our docs, we directly talk to our users. Let's avoid referring to them in the third person.

How about this:

Manage your secrets with these Secrete management service operations:

### Create a secret[#create-secret]

The `secretsManagementCreateSecret` mutation allows you to add new secrets to the Secrets Management Service.

> #### Input Parameters

Reviewer 4: Can we manipulate the layout to show the sample query next to the input params and the response next to the output params? 

If no, can we show the sample immediately after the param? Alternatively, we could use tabs to structure them.

Reviewer 4: Parameters should be lowercased

Author: > Can we manipulate the layout to show the sample query next to the input params and the response next to the output params?
>  Yes, this is a good suggestion. Updated accordingly
> If no, can we show the sample immediately after the param? Alternatively, we could use tabs to structure them.

> * `accountId` (String, required): The account ID associated with the secret.

Reviewer 4: Can we change the order of the attributes to match the order in which they appear in the req/res?

Do we have any pointers from the style guide?

Reviewer 4: Also, I feel attributes are better presented in tables with the following columns:

Attribute name | Data type | Required/Optional | Description

This is for larger consideration. If that's not how we have historically documented this, please ignore for now. But let's discuss its merits/demerits.

* `alias` (String, optional): An alias for the secret.

> * `entityGuid` (String, optional): The entity GUID associated with the secret.

Reviewer 4: How will a user get the GUID and the account ID? Is this info covered or obvious?

* `key` (String, required): The key for the secret.

> * `namespace` (String, required): The namespace to which the secret belongs.

Reviewer 4: I think we need to add a sentence explaining what does it mean when we say a secret belongs to a namespace. Another reason why I think tables are better way to handle this content. 

Namespace is an abstraction that enables devs to better organize their 'secrets', in this case. We dont need to explain what namespaces are, I agree, but we should include an example as to how this is to be used, all the more so because this is a required attr.

* `value` (SecureValue, required): The value of the secret.

#### Response

* `createdAt` (String): The time the secret was created.
* `updatedAt` (String): The time the secret was last updated.
* `key` (String): The key of the created secret.
* `latestVersion` (String): The version of the created secret.

> * `tags` (Array): Metadata associated with the secret.

Reviewer 4: didn't see tags in the sample response.

Author: The tag field is populated only if added during the request. Since this isn't a mandatary field, I didn't add it.

#### Sample query:

```graphql
mutation {
  secretsManagementCreateSecret(
    accountId: 12345678
    key: "test_user_key"
    value: "1234567890"
    alias: ""
    entityGuid: ""

>     namespace: ""

Reviewer 4: Isn't namespace a required attribute? We should include meaningful samples in our docs. If we don't have one, let's get it from the PM/Eng. 

Ideally, we should provide working samples, which users can copy and execute.

  ) {
    createdAt
    latestVersion
    updatedAt
  }
}

```
#### Smaple response:
    
    ```json
    {
    "data": {
        "secretsManagementCreateSecret": {
        "createdAt": "2021-09-29T10:00:00Z",
        "latestVersion": "1",
        "updatedAt": "2021-09-29T10:00:00Z"
        }
    }
    }
    ```

> ### Purge secrets[#purge-secrets]

Reviewer 4: Something's off about its formatting. Check the HTML output.

The `secretsManagementPurgeSecret` mutation allows you to delete secrets from the Secrets Management Service. You can delete a specific version of a secret or all versions of a secret.

#### Input Parameters

* `accountId` (String, required): The account ID associated with the secret.
* `key` (String, required): The key for the secret.
* `namespace` (String, optional): The namespace to which the secret belongs.
* `purgeAll` (Boolean, required): If true, all versions of the secret are deleted. 
* `version` (String, optional): The version of the secret to delete.

<Callout variant="tip">
    * If `purgeAll` is true, the `version` parameter is null and ignored.

>     * valid combination of `purgeAll` and `version` : `true` & `null`, `false` & `non-null`.

Reviewer 4: (A)
purgeAll: true
version: null

OR

(B)
purgeAll: true
version:

Which one do you mean? A or B?
If A, what happens in the case of B?

</Callout>

#### Response

* `key` (String): The key of the created secret.
* `latestVersion` (String): The latest version available corresponding to the key. If `purgeAll` is true or no version is available after purge, latestVersion will be null.

> * `tags` (Array): Metadata associated with the secret.

Reviewer 4: I dont see key and tags in the sample response provided. Am I looking at the right copy, coz you told me you'll update the responses and share the draft...

Again, let's use 'meaningful' samples in our docs.

#### Sample query:

```graphql

mutation {
  secretsManagementPurgeSecret(
    accountId: 12345678
    key: "test_user_key"
    namespace: ""
    purgeAll: true
    version: ""
  ) {
    key
    latestVersion
    tags
  }
}

```

#### Sample response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementPurgeSecret": {
      "latestVersion": null
    }
  },
}
```

> ### Retrive a secret[#retrieve-secret]

Reviewer 4: Typo: Retrieve

The `secretsManagementRetrieveSecret` mutation allows you to access the value of stored secrets.

#### Input Parameters

* `accountId` (String, required): The account ID associated with the secret.
* `namespace` (String, optional): The namespace to which the secret belongs.

> * `key` (String, required): The key of the secret that needs to be retrieved.

Reviewer 4: Make active voice - The key of the secret that you want to retrieve.

> * `version`(String, required): The version of the secret that needs to be retrieved.

Reviewer 4: Make active

#### Response

* `value` (SecureValue, required): The value of the secret.
* `tags` (Array): Metadata associated with the secret.
* `createdAt` (String): The time the secret was created.

#### Sample query:

```graphql
query {
  secretsManagementRetrieveSecret(
    namespace: "test"
    key: "test_user_key"
    version: ""
  ) {
    value
    tags
    createdAt
  }
}
```

#### Sample response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "secretsManagementRetrieveSecret": {
      "value": "1234567890",
      "tags": [],
      "createdAt": "2021-09-29T10:00:00Z"
    }
  }
}
```

### Update a secret[#update-secret]

> The `secretsManagementUpdateSecret` mutation allows you to update the value of existing secrets.

Reviewer 4: Check what guidance we have in our style guide for allows vs. enables.

Preferably we should use enables or lets you. Allows indicates permission. I am not sure we mean that. I have seen this word used a few times in the topic. Based on what you find out, please change across instances.

#### Input Parameters

* `accountId` (String, required): The account ID associated with the secret.
* `namespace` (String, optional): The namespace to which the secret belongs.

> * `key` (String, required): The key of the secret that needs to be updated.

Reviewer 4: Voice change
